Listening 	3
Reading 	7

- Conjunction, adverb, prep
- Analize/find out self-weakness from TOEIC

if(conjuntion)
	;if and when	
		;used to say something about an event that may or may not happen
			;If and when we ever meet again I hope he remembers what I did for him.
	;if anything
		;used to express an opinion about something, or after a negative statement to suggest that the opposite is true
			;I'd say he was more like his father, if anything.
			;She's not thin—if anything she's on the plump side.
	;if so
		;if that is the case
			;Do you do research in your studies? If so, what research methods do you use?
	;it’s not as if
		;used to say that something that is happening is surprising
			;I'm surprised they've invited me to their wedding—it's not as if I know them well.
	;only if
​		;(rather formal) used to state the only situation in which something can happen
			;Only if a teacher has given permission is a student allowed to leave the room.
			;Only if the red light comes on is there any danger to employees.
	;if only
		;​used to say that you wish something was true or that something had happened
			;If only I were rich.
			;If only I knew her name.
			;If only he'd remembered to send that letter.
			;If only I had gone by taxi.
even(adverb)
	;even as
​		;(formal) just at the same time as somebody does something or as something else happens
			;Even as he shouted the warning the car skidded.
	;even now/then
		;despite what has/had happened
			;I've shown him the photographs but even now he won't believe me.
			;Even then she would not admit her mistake.
	;even so
		;despite that
			;There are a lot of spelling mistakes; even so, it's quite a good essay.
		
even(adjective)
	;numbers
​  		;that can be divided exactly by two
			;4, 6, 8 and 10 are all even numbers.			
		;OPPOSITE odd
	;equal
​  		;(of an amount of something) equal or the same for each person, team, place, etc.
			;Our scores are now even.
			;the even distribution of food
			;OPPOSITE uneven
			;There is a more even division in the contest for the deputy leadership.
			;The political goal was a more even distribution of wealth.
			;There was an even split between male and female students.
			;The agency's 35 000 employees are an even mix of military and civilians.			
	;(of two people or teams) equally balanced or of an equal standard
		;an even contest
		;The two players were pretty even.
		;Until then the match looked fairly even.
		;OPPOSITE uneven
	
even(verb)

how
	;how’s that?
	;how about…?
	
however-
	
before-
after(prepsition)
	;after all
		;despite what has been said or expected
			;So you made it after all!
			
after(conjuntion) - 
after(adverb)-
after(adjective)-
	;following; later
		;in after years

who-
whom-
which(pronoun, determiner) - 
	;
whatever
	;or whatever
	;whatever you do
	;whatever you say
	
whatsoever-
what(pronoun, determiner)
	;come what may
	;and what not | and what have you
	;get/give somebody what for
	;or what
	;say what?
	;so what?
	;what about…?
	;what for?
	;what if…?
	;what of it?
	;what’s all that about?
	;(know) what’s what
	;what’s with somebody?
	;what’s with something?
	;what with something

where-

when
	;as and when
​		;used to say that something may happen at some time in the future, but only when something else has happened
			;We'll decide on the team as and when we qualify.
			;I'll tell you more as and when (= as soon as I can).
	;if and when
​		;used to say something about an event that may or may not happen
			;If and when we ever meet again I hope he remembers what I did for him.
while
	;while you’re/I’m etc. at it
​		;used to suggest that somebody could do something while they are doing something else
			;‘I'm just going to buy some postcards.’ ‘Can you get me some stamps while you're at it?’
to(adverb)
	;​(usually of a door) in or into a closed position
		;Push the door to.
	;to and fro
		;backwards and forwards
			;She rocked the baby to and fro.
in (position)
	;in that
		;(formal) for the reason that; because
			;She was fortunate in that she had friends to help her.
in (position)
	;be in at something
​		;to be present when something happens
			;They were in at the start.
	;be in for something
​		;(informal) to be going to experience something soon, especially something unpleasant
			;He's in for a shock!
			;I'm afraid we're in for a storm.	
	;be/get in on something
​		;(informal) to be/become involved in something; to share or know about something
			;I'd like to be in on the plan.
			;Is she in on the secret?		
	;be (well) in with somebody
​		;(informal) to be (very) friendly with somebody, and likely to get an advantage from the friendship
	;in and out (of something)
​		;going regularly to a place
			;He was in and out of jail for most of his life.
in (adjective)
in (noun)
	;have an in with somebody
		;(especially North American English) to have influence with somebody
	;the ins and outs (of something)
		;all the details, especially the complicated or difficult ones
			;the ins and outs of the problem
			;He quickly learned the ins and outs of the job.
on(prepsition)
on(adverb)
	;be on about something
​		;(informal) to talk about something; to mean something
			;I didn't know what he was on about. It didn't make sense.
	;be/go/keep on about something
		;(informal, disapproving) to talk in a boring or complaining way about something
			;Stop keeping on about it!
	;be on for something
		;(informal) to want to do something
			;Is anyone on for a drink after work?
	;it isn’t on
		;(informal) used to say that something is not acceptable
	;off and on/on and off
		;from time to time; now and again
			;It rained on and off all day.
	;on and on
		;without stopping; continuously
			;She went on and on about her trip.
	;what are you, etc. on?
		;(informal) used when you are very surprised at somebody’s behaviour and are suggesting that they are acting in a similar way to somebody using drugs
	;you’re on
		;(informal) used when you are accepting a bet
		
at(prep)
	;at that
​		;used when you are giving an extra piece of information
			;He managed to buy a car after all—and a nice one at that.
	;be at it again
​		;to be doing something, especially something bad
			;Look at all that graffiti—those kids have been at it again.
	;where it’s at
​		;(informal) a place or an activity that is very popular or fashionable
			;Judging by the crowds waiting to get in, this seems to be where it's at.
with(prep)
	;be with somebody (on something)
		;​to support somebody and agree with what they say
			;We're all with you on this one.
	;be with me/you
		;(informal) to be able to understand what somebody is talking about
			;Are you with me?
			;I'm afraid I'm not quite with you.
	;(informal) understanding what is happening around you		
		;SYNONYM alert
		;You don't seem very with it today.
​	;(old-fashioned) knowing about current fashions and ideas
		;SYNONYM trendy
		;Don't you have anything more with it to wear?
		;with that
​		;straight after that; then
		;He muttered a few words of apology and with that he left.

about(prepsition)
	;how/what about…?
		;used when asking for information about somebody/something
			;How about Ruth? Have you heard from her?
			;I'm having fish. What about you?
		;used to make a suggestion
			;How about going for a walk?
			;(especially North American English) How about we go for a walk?
			;What about a break?

about(adverb)
	;just about
		;​almost; very nearly
			;I've met just about everyone.
			;‘Did you reach your sales target?’ ‘Just about.’
		;approximately
			;She should be arriving just about now.
	;out and about
		;​able to go outside again after an illness
​		;travelling around a place
			;We've been out and about talking to people all over the country.
			
	;that’s about all | that’s about it
		;used to say that you have finished telling somebody about something and there is nothing to add
			;‘Anything else?’ ‘No, that's about it for now.’
	
about(adjective)
	;be about to do something
		;to be close to doing something; to be going to do something very soon
			;I was just about to ask you the same thing.
	;be not about to do something
		;to not be willing to do something; to not intend to do something
			;I've never done any cooking and I'm not about to start now.

